hi my name is Edward Hayes I'm a stylist
here at that and rejoice hair salon in
London I'm here to show you some
celebrity hairstyles this is how to
style your hair and like Kate Moss so
I'm going to take a censer parted when
doing this I mean you can use various
products I would suggest using a
hairspray and especially if you have a
bit of a cowlick just to hold it down a
little bit and you can just put the hair
down towards the ear and just go just up
to the recession section it away
in a whole section and you're just going
to twist the head
I'm gonna set this up with a pen again
use as many times as you need this out
so again just pop their hair just to
behind the ear if you just cut that
section in half just pump the hair in
section and twist again I'm just going
to pick up again
so there you go that's how to style your
hair like Kate Moss